Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_06/ReadMe.md

> You can download the code of this step [here](../src/step_06.py) or all the steps [here](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy-getting-started-core/tree/develop/src).

# Skipping tasks

*Time to complete: 15 minutes; Level: Intermediate*

> Skipping tasks is an essential feature of Taipy. Running twice a function with the same inputs can create the same output. Executing this sort of function is a waste of time and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping tasks is a crucial capability of Taipy. If you run a function twice with the same inputs, you'll get the same output. Executing this type of function is inefficient and consumes unnecessary time and resources.
```

> Taipy provides for each task the _skippable_ attribute. If this attribute is set to True, Taipy Core’s scheduler automatically detects if changes have occurred on any of the input Data Nodes of a task. If no changes have occurred, it automatically skips the execution of that task. By default, _skippable_ is set to False. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy offers the option to set the _skippable_ attribute for each task. If this attribute is set to True, Taipy Core’s scheduler automatically detects if changes have occurred on any of the input Data Nodes of a task. If there are no changes, it automatically skips the execution of that task. By default, _skippable_ is set to False. 
```

```
Scenario 1: submit
[2022-12-22 16:20:09,079][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_filter_by_month_... is completed.
[2022-12-22 16:20:09,177][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_count_values_... is completed.
Value 849
```

> When submitting scenario 2, the scheduler skips the first task of this second scenario. Indeed, the two scenarios share the same Data Nodes for this task, and no changes have occurred on the input Data Nodes (since the last task run when we submitted scenario 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit scenario 2, the scheduler skips the initial task in this second scenario. This is because both scenarios use the same Data Nodes for this task, and there have been no changes in the input Data Nodes since the last time the task ran when we submitted scenario 1.
```
